hey guys this is a bit of an update
video for my peoples on patreon um
nothing too dire not good news not bad
news really except that I had this cold
for like 15 days really really really 15
days I cannot believe how much that took
out of me my whole weight situation is
now really nicely organized but man I've
been doing less than ten percent of what
I want to be doing in terms of weights
and push-ups and even reading and
writing what have you you guys ain't
seen me had a book out in a minute and
you know if you use the old school
Chinese text books before you know
computers had their act together for
four typesetting Chinese a lot of these
older textbooks you actually get
hand-written paradigms to copy you know
so this is a textbook really for
practicing grammar and for me it's
valuable to train your eye to cope with
Chinese handwriting to work from you
know the imperfections of Chinese and
fighting as opposed to you know a
perfect typeset model from a computer or
calligraphy or what have you I do mess
around with some old texts because I've
got a really good textbook on my
computer issue that's over a hundred
years old you know have it as a PDF oh
yeah Corey minor irony for my life this
is a sign that I just thought was
hilarious it really just means please
refrain from drinking alcohol and
gambling no I'm sorry I'm sorry not
really using using drugs of any kind or
gambling so please don't use used drugs
or gamble in the premises and I'm
actually going to attach this to my
fridge so I haven't taped that up yet
that's sitting on the table because i
was going to tape it up in my fridge you
know sorry one digression leads to
another in my life I've lived for long
periods of time without having a desk a
writing desk of any kind it may sound
silly to some of y'all but you guys know
where I was living cambodia laos even in
canada even was in saskatchewan where
long long periods
I didn't have no desk in my life and I
now tend to kind of overcompensate like
when I've got control over my situation
I set out a lot of space not a desk and
you can imagine why so for me I know
this may look ridiculous having the
iphone here with the cable into the wall
but you can put in a lot of hours that
that iphone is really my my Chinese
dictionary I have Chinese dictionary
software set up there and you know if
you've got you need a lot of real estate
you need a lot of empty space to be
doing work on hand written Chinese as a
language you doing writing practice and
you know you're taking on little side
projects like this so you guys already
know I'm going to have some not even
book review so much you're going to have
some discussions and debates about the
intellectual legacy of Garrett frenzy Oh
name and this is really I guess his
crowning book is his final book
summarizing his approach to politics &
activism veganism 2015 publication so we
assume that's his kind of swan song
publication and yeah in case you were
wondering how I'm surviving now I really
just made the decision today that I'm
actually going to eliminate sewing up
for my diet and soy milk has really been
the main source of fat my diet and so a
more dependent on whatever on on job's
tears oh where my job's tears that oh
right sorry here they're here they are
draining draining is true this is just
job's tears with them yeah the seam is
still rising off it sorry fogging up the
camera job's tears with shitake
mushrooms anyway so that's if you guys
saw the last video giving the apartment
tour in a subtle but profound way my
main space here has changed so they got
my my writing desk set up for long hours
of studying Chinese and preparing the
new book reviews on vegan politics and
philosophy and whatever else crosses my
mind and my whole gym situation got
together even though
really been too sick to be able to use
it which to be frank kind of blows my
mind anyway look what I want to tell you
guys you know about this thing with with
the more kind of political philosophy
book reviews I put a lot of thought into
that this may sound silly dis Emile but
you know the truth is if I talk about
politics philosophy political philosophy
in response to something vegan gains
said as shallow as that may seem at
least I'm talking about politics and
philosophy in a format that my audience
wants to hear about you know I'm
answering questions the people are
asking and the problem is if I do a book
review of Gary français ona here or and
I've really been thinking a lot about
this if I take on something that to me
is just a major text in history of a
history of political science history
political philosophy what have you which
have really been thinking about partly
to leave that kind of review for my
daughter to see in the future so
whatever shown Jacques Rousseau or
through siddha tease or Socrates or
Plato or I don't know any any major
major figure in the history of political
science be they you know mainstream or
anarchist or what have you this this is
a text by the way that it's infamous
especially in Latin America the
left-wingers and right-wingers this
really in the 1970s cast a very big
shadow this this book although if you're
not in a political science major you may
have never heard of it and it's a book
I've been of them into getting around to
discussing a four years I guess you
could say um if I if I if I make a video
talking about that again even if it's a
big name like play-doh or if it's a
relatively minor name like Eva Ivan
Illich or let's say max Turner any given
philosopher whatever Arthur Schopenhauer
you name it the problem is that I'm
presenting my audience is something
they're not just they're not expecting
to hear and they don't want to hear even
if it's interesting so it's an
interesting challenge an interesting
tightrope i'm looking at walking well i
have time to walk it in these next few
months um but you know i mean i'm deeply
gratified the last book review i did
like that was the the book review
talking about rules for radicals and
it's wonderful that more than a thousand
people have watched that video but when
i make a video like that my challenge
sorry when i make a video like that on
my channel the truth is I could bring up
the same points in response to something
vegan gains said some controversy of the
moment or in an interaction with some
other vegan youtuber and you can present
the same philosophical political points
that way in framed in a format where
your audience wants to hear it where
they're already asking the question that
they already want to know about it and
the problem is if I proceed from a text
whether it's a famous text or you know a
nice text text it's important to a small
number of people in some specialized
field you know the problem is even if
I'm challenging my audience I'm
answering questions that they haven't
asked yet or as again even if it seems
like I'm starting from a relatively
shallow and a scandal mongering premise
like you know I know like for example
should I make a video that really
directly criticizes peter singer or do i
start from the fact that somebody who's
already known to my audience like how
natural vegan has made a statement that
relates to the philosophy peter singer
it's a challenge and that's really what
I've been thinking about a lot lately is
how you get some more substantive
political philosophy on to the channel
and to what extent that want to do that
in a format that's meaningful to me
that's meaningful for my audience or you
see from our needs to relate to and to
what extent to want to do it in a format
that may be meaningful to my daughter 10
years from now